Appointment:
  Principle/Pattern: Information Expert
    Responsible for holding information for other classes; holds the time of the appointment for the notes and the billing information for the patient.

Diagnosis:
  Principle/Pattern: Information Expert
    Responsible for holding information about diagnoses, this class is instantiated by a doctor, and is held within a patient class so that it is responsible for knowing what the patient has as a prescription is given.

Doctor:
  Principle/Pattern: Creator
    Responsible for using the input of the doctor in order to assign information to Diagnosis class, as well as create tests to be ordered, creating notes and prescriptions.

Health Care Provider:
  Principle/Pattern: Polymorphism
    Is an umbrella class for Doctor and the Staff, both being health care providers.

Notes:
  Principle/Pattern: Information Expert
    Responsible for storing any additional information regarding the patient’s file or visit which may need to be accessed.
      
Patient: 
  Principle/Pattern: Information Expert
    Responsible for retrieving information about a patient, also functions alongside Staff to create and schedule Appointments

Prescription:
  Principle/Pattern: Information Expert
    Responsible for knowing the information regarding the medication, number of refills, patient ID, and doctor ID along with the dosage. 
    This information can be accessed by the doctor and patient.

Patient Diagnosis:
  Principle/Pattern: Controller
    Responsible for assigning an existing Diagnosis to a Patient based on the input of the Doctor.

Staff:
  Principle/Pattern: Creator
    Responsible for creating Appointments and Tests

Test:
  Principle/Pattern: Information Expert
    Responsible for storing data necessary to be able to perform a test on a Patient in a lab.

Test Order:
  Principle/Pattern: Controller
    Responsible for assigning an existing Test to a Patient based on input from a Staff member.

Test Result:
  Principle/Pattern: Controller
    Responsible for taking input from the Test which was performed and relaying the information to the Patient.

User:
  Principle/Pattern: Low Coupling + High Cohesion + Polymorphism
    Used as an umbrella class representing the different people using the system, being either Health Care Providers or Patients.
